feat: Updates `mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_config` with `data_access_identity_provider_ids`, `user_conflicts`, and changes to `identity_provider_id` (#2322)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/federated_settings_org_config.html.markdown

```terraform
resource "mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_config" "org_connection" {
  federation_settings_id            = "627a9687f7f7f7f774de306f14"
  org_id                            = "627a9683ea7ff7f74de306f14"
  data_access_identity_provider_ids = ["64d613677e1ad50839cce4db"]
  domain_restriction_enabled        = false
  domain_allow_list                 = ["mydomain.com"]
  post_auth_role_grants             = ["ORG_MEMBER"]

>   identity_provider_id              = "0oad4fas87jL7f75Xnk1297"

Reviewer: is this more than 20 characters

Author: thanks resolved in 31b4e040fbe74a4d67bb34a1227378e56d6c5527

* `post_auth_role_grants` - (Optional) List that contains the default [roles](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/user-roles/#std-label-organization-roles) granted to users who authenticate through the IdP in a connected organization.

* `domain_restriction_enabled` - (Required) Flag that indicates whether domain restriction is enabled for the connected organization.

> * `identity_provider_id` - (Required) Legacy 20-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the UI access identity provider that this connected org config is associated with. This id can be found within the Federation Management Console > Identity Providers tab by clicking the info icon in the IdP ID row of a configured identity provider.

Reviewer: same comment above re: atlas UI

Author: Updated the field description WDYT?

> * `identity_provider_id` - (Required) Legacy 20-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the UI access identity provider that this connected org config is associated with. This id can be found within the Federation Management Console > Identity Providers tab by clicking the info icon in the IdP ID row of a configured identity provider.

Reviewer 2: Is this a fix in documentation or are we changing the format of id that is passed for this attribute?

Author: The documentation didn't match the [API Docs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Federated-Authentication/operation/updateConnectedOrgConfig) and the experienced behavior. I updated the docs now, WDYT?

Reviewer 2: sounds good, just saw @oarbusi comment that mentions that this can be obtained through `okta_idp_id` property (legacy format) in federated_identity_provider.

> * `identity_provider_id` - (Required) Legacy 20-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the SAML access identity provider that this connected org config is associated with. This id can be found within the Federation Management UI in Atlas in the Identity Providers tab by clicking the info icon in the IdP ID row of a configured SAML identity provider. Leave as `""` to detach/remove the SAML identity provider.

Reviewer 3: FYI: just checked and this can also be retrieved through terraform in `okta_idp_id`

Author: Added in b959c8b

> * `data_access_identity_provider_ids` - (Optional) The collection of unique ids representing the identity providers that can be used for data access in this organization.

Reviewer 4: [q] are there examples to be updated?

Author: I checked out the example in [mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_role_mapping](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/blob/master/examples/mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_role_mapping/Readme.md), and updated the default in 56b8f64 (reverted in 8f4c34c, will be done in next ticket)

However, we will create a new example in [this Jira ticket](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CLOUDP-250917) that will use the new `data_access_identity_provider_ids` field 👍

* `post_auth_role_grants` - (Optional) List that contains the default [roles](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/user-roles/#std-label-organization-roles) granted to users who authenticate through the IdP in a connected organization.

* `domain_restriction_enabled` - (Required) Flag that indicates whether domain restriction is enabled for the connected organization.

> * `identity_provider_id` - (Optional) Legacy 20-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the SAML access identity provider that this connected org config is associated with. `""` or null will detach/remove the SAML identity provider. This id can be found in two ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `identity_provider_id` - (Optional) Legacy 20-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the SAML access identity provider that this connected org config is associated with. Removing the attribute or providing the value `""` will detach/remove the SAML identity provider. This id can be found in two ways:
```

Just rephrasing to make it clear from user point of view.
